# Algorithms I fell in love with
### Really..?
As a teen in the late 80' early 90' I was deeply fascinated by computers, two of my buddies, Tony and Dano, were lucky owners of the mythical C64, this magical machine that once hooked up to a television, gave you the power to control it, "painting" whatever image you wanted on the screen (and even animate it!), as opposed to passively consume the streams offered by the TV networks. It was incredible.   
Unfortunatly I didn't manage to convince my parents to buy me a C64, because "Videogames are bad! A vaste of time!".  
To be fair, I eventually got a PC, a beautiful 486DX-33 with 4Mb of RAM and a powerful Cirrus Logic graphic card! This happened short after I took a computer class in my school (with Tony and Dano of course) at the end of which we showcased a project to our parents: a robotic car that could follow (mostly...) a white line on the floor, hooked up to a PC via a parallel cable and programmed in QBASIC. My buddies did most of the work, they developed their coding superpower on the C64.  
Nevertheless, that did the trick and my parents were finally convinced that there was more to computers than videogames and "vasting time".

While I was eagerly waiting for my 486DX-33 Tony gave me his C64 to play with (thank You Tony!) so I practiced a bit of basic reading through the beautyful manual that came with it. Dano also moved on from his C64, and got a 486DX-33 earlier than me! So I obviously spent a lot of afternoons at his place, amazed by what this powerbeast could do.
But it was when Dano showed me a particular image on his 486 that I felt struck by a lightning. It was the first 3D graphics rendered image that I had ever seen: A shiny sphere and a checkerboard plane reflecting each other, in glorious 256 colors.  
He explained he used Povray to generate it, a program that could render photorealistic images, starting from a text written in a special scene desription language, with an algorythm called raytracing. The first algorythm I fell in love with.  
I was flabbergasted and wanted to be able to use my computer to generate such images.
A couple of months later, with my 486 finally up and running, Dano broght me a copy of 3D Studio for DOS, a more sophisticated program to create 3D renderings with a powerful user interface, no need to learn a weird "scene description language" (Although 3D Studio utilized a different algorythm to render 3D photorealistic images).
I ran to the bookstore and boght a giant 3D Studio book. This started my long journey through the beautiful world of computers and algorythms.
